# 1 - Ms Williams' Court Case

Judge: "And during this period, you were both left unattended, why?".

Billy: "We were new to the school and I told one of the other kids on the bus to
cover for us.".

Judge: "'Cover for you' in what way?".

Billy: "I asked him to lie. I asked him to tell the teacher that we never came
on the bus. The teacher believed him."

Standing in the courtroom, Billy was nervous. Sweaty palms and on the brink of
collapsing from anxiety. He thought he'd done wrong but the judge was only
trying to clarify how all of this had transpired. 

He was a pretty average kid, Billy that is. 14, brown hair, brown eyes, pretty tall, a bit
too thin and maybe slightly on the shy side much like the rest of his family.
Generally good natured but as with all boys seemed to have a penchant for
mischief and curiosity in conjunctions, not usually a good combination but one
that all boys seem to have.

The judge continued...

Judge: "So let me see if what I have so far is correct.".

Judge: "You went with your school on a trip to the mountains for a week. You
told a classmate to tell your teacher - Ms Williams that you never made it on
the bus so that you and your brother Marcus could have a trip of your own.
Correct?".

Billy: "Yes, sir."

Judge: "But you were in-fact on the bus?".

Billy: "Yes, sir."

A short span of time passed, the judge furrowed his brow and continued.

Judge: "And to you Ms Williams, how did it come to be that you blindly accepted
a child's answer on another child's whereabouts?"

Ms Williams sat on the defendants podium in awe of her own negligence and
shame. She answered none but lowered her head and stared at the floor in the
hopes that proceedings would continue.

The judge sat dormant, presumably thinking and perhaps seething. At one point it
seemed as though he had more to say, until it was obvious he needed more time.
Some moments passed and then seemingly out of nowhere, he spoke up.

Judge: "Mr and Mrs Rymer, It's clear to me that there is a gaping hole in the
accountability of this case. The fact that two, or indeed any number of pupils
can venture off from a group and not have it so much as questioned by a member
of staff acting in loco parentis is a disgrace.".

Mr and Mrs Rymer sat on the bench showing slight relief that their viewpoint
was understood by the Supreme Courts. A bit of empathy goes a long way and in
traumatic times like these even the slightest hint of understanding can put a
lump in your throat.

Judge: "In ordinary circumstances a school showing this level of neglect might
be lucky to receive a fine and suspension of the involved staff. However, the
events that followed on from this are far from ordinary and certainly unjust."

The room paused and sat painfully still as the judge came to a decision.
Although the outcome was obvious (how many people really would dismiss
unaccounted children as a "blip"?), there was still some apprehension noticed in
the Rymer's.  They sat still but only to conform and not cause a ruckus. If it
were up to them they'd be gently rocking and anxiously rubbing their hands as if
that would somehow soothe their nerves.

Ms Williams shyly glanced at the judge from the corner of her eye apprehensive
about what was about to come out of the judge's mouth. The representatives of
the school would have liked to have done the same but they carried an air of
professionalism which perhaps weighed them down.

The judge looked up from his bench with a face that could win any poker game and
delivered his verdict.

Judge: "To the school involved in this tragic story I order a sum of $250000 to
be paid to the Rymer's immediately as compensation. Money cannot bring back a life but it can
perhaps aid in reparations for Billy and the Parents. To lose a child
is something no parent should bare witness to, especially over such a trivial
mistake. 

Ms Williams - You are the crux of the issue and your complete lack of
common sense and care is maddening. Though I see the regret plastered on your
face, it cannot undo what is done. I sentence you to 10 years in the state
prison and upon release, you will be unable to exercise the right to teach in the
United States. Do I make myself clear?"

Ms Williams looked to the judge, paused for a moment to gather her breath.

Ms Williams: "Yes your honour".

The school representative followed after.

Representative: "Yes your honour".

-- TODO - Here detail Ms Williams being "taken away". She's sad and defeated but
walking on her own etc...

The court finalised the case for that day and the courtroom was dismissed. The
Rymer's hastened their way out of the courtroom visibly worn from the
proceedings, anxious, but with less of the world on their shoulders.

