# 2 - The Rymer's (2 weeks later)

Mary: "NOOOOOO!! I CAN'T TAKE THIS ANY LONGER!!!"

Chris: "Mary my sweet, please. Bring yourself back down and try to relax"

Mary: "It's this house! We need to get out of this place!"

Chris: "And we will, in good time but until the decisions are finalised by the
court I think it's a good idea to stay put. We don't want to add a house-move to
the list of ever-growing stresses on this family."

Mary: "Oh Chris, please can we move? Move to somewhere far away where good
things happen to good people? My mind can't keep defending itself against the
memories of this house."

Chris: "Once *this* is a distant memory we can go wherever we want and do
whatever we want. We'll get that compensation from the school within a fortnight
and then we can live how we want. 3 more weeks until the final hearing
and then we'll put this place up, pack our bags and drive. Drive as far as
we can for as long as we can, maybe even as fast as we can. Somewhere far away
where 'good things happen to good people'."

Mary: "It's all I want Chris. This house is filled with too many painful
memories of him. I hope Billy is okay."

Chris: "He's surprised me Mary, out of all of us, he seems to be coping the
best. We've raised a beautiful son."

Mary thought to herself "and lost one too". 

Outwardly Mary smiled which seemed to fool not only Chris but also herself for a
short while. The idea of moving elsewhere was Mary's silver bullet - The thing
that would save her (their) sanity, fix all of her (their) problems and lead to a new start
with no turmoil.

Chris was Mary's rock and had been wearing that stone-skin for approximately 3
months since the event transpired. He was an emotionally strong man, a little
over 6'3" with a reserved yet good sense of dress and a steady gait that was
unassuming. 

By day Chris was a proofreader and fact-checker for (CITYNAME)'s academic
journal. Hundreds of prospective scientists and engineers would submit articles
to the journal and it was up to Chris to separate the good from the bad. If
Chris was happy with it, you'd probably see it in the next issue and that was
something Chris enjoyed. Not necessarily the power of approval and rejection of
up and coming scholars, moreso that quality would not slip so long as he had
anything to do with it. After all, you've got to be pretty smart to be the
moderator of smart peoples smart findings.

Mary had worked in the same line of work for many years too. In fact, this is how
the two met. Two unassuming people doing under valued work for a modest wage.
Mary had eventually decided to become self-employed doing similar work. She now
works as a freelance proofreader, usually for university students working on PHDs
or dissertations. If she struggled for work in the quiet seasons she would
resign herself to spellchecking restaurant menus, signage, and various
low-quality magazines. She had a keen eye for detail though was modest about her
own skills and achievements through life which lended itself well to the shy
character she possessed and perhaps was a gateway to some self-esteem issues she
(and all the Rymers) seemed to carry.

Billy: "Are you guys fighting again?"

Mary: "No honey, Mommy dropped something and wanted some help from Daddy."

A lie that Billy could see straight through. Nonetheless he humoured them.

Billy: "Oh okay! Say... can I get the PS4 out of Marcus' room?"

The mention of Marcus was a sore spot for Mary. She had accepted yes, that their
10 year old baby boy was dead but she didn't care for the reminders.

This kind of question from Billy could go one of two ways:

1. She would flip her shit. Being a painfully introverted introvert has lead to
   pretty much 90% of her actual thoughts remaining in her head and never being
   released into the wild. There was nothing cathartic about Mary's day-to-day
   conversations and so they'd tend to build up and suddenly, pop. She'd blow. A
   flurry of shouts, screams and tears would follow with poor old stone-skin to
   pick up the pieces.

2. She would contain her shit. Just as she so often does, she would say
   something to keep the people happy, resent them on the inside but say nothing
   of it to them. Generally this was preferable (though incredibly unhealthy)
   for her as it meant less drama and as we know, the Rymer's don't care much
   for drama.

Mary: "Okay Billy just please be careful and return it when you're done. Marcus'
room is still his and I'd like to keep it like that for now."

(Number 2, phew!)

Billy hastily walked up the stairs, took a right and headed into his little
brother's room.

Being the younger brother, Marcus naturally got the smaller bedroom. Also being
the younger, Marcus naturally got more stuff. His room was stuffed with 10 year
old boy things. Old Pokemon cards going all the way back to the first generation
(No shiny Charizard though), tacky educational posters involving space, animals
and the ocean and of course, too many teddy bears.

Billy reached to the bottom of the TV stand to grab the PS4 and his favourite
game. Crash Team Racing. He and Marcus would play for hours. They'd nearly
unlocked their favourite character N.Tropy which would award them the biggest
bragging rights amongst their friends (both offline and online).
